welcome back we had a chance to look at
another boss on the PTR and we're
bringing your short video of it the
encounter is called ion Kwan and during
the fight you will face the boss himself
I Anquan and his three Quillen champions
this is a four-phase fight during phase
is one two and three you fight iron corn
while he's riding each of his Quillen
champions and during phase four after
you've killed all three of his Quillen
in the previous phases you fight iron
quorn alone in phase one he rides
equivalent called row Shack the molten
flare which predictably enough has quite
a lot of fire-based mechanics there's a
stacking debuff apply to the tanks which
requires tanks which row Shack gains
energy throughout the phase you want to
avoid having him reach maximum energy
because if he does so he casts a very
damaging attack to dump the boss's
energy you need to group up in groups of
at least three players and when you do
that Rorschach detects this group of
players and throws a spear at it dealing
a lot of damage to those players and
stacking a debuff on them so what you
need to do and what we did was we formed
three groups of people and we stayed
spread out and then one group stacked up
took a couple of spear throws then
spread out again another group stacked
up and we went in a rotation like this
to keep the bosses energy under control
also you can see these fire lines on the
floor they're just you know something
you need to avoid as you would expect
we're just going to speed the video up a
little bit here until rorschach dies
you
the second Quillen is called Quetzal the
storm caller and during this phase there
are a lot of lightning based attacks one
of the mechanics during this phase is
that random raid members get stunned by
a sort of storm cloud and they deal
lightning damage the players around them
and someone else has to run to them and
click them to drag them out of the cloud
this wasn't actually working very well
or wasn't working at all on the PTR and
players who got stunned like that
essentially just had to die and be
redirected now at this point of the
fight an ability called wind storm is
supposed to take place which is
essentially a giant tornado lightning
storm where you need to run around
avoiding tornadoes it didn't happen on
this particular attempt because it was
just bugged out but we're showing you
footage from a different pole we're not
exactly sure what's the best way of
handling the storm was but we managed to
get through it relatively unscathed a
few times anyway in addition to that you
can see more lines on the ground that
need to be avoided during this phase as
well and that's about it with this
Quillen we're going to speed up the rest
of the phase again
here you can see the third and final
Quillen called adam ren the frozen sage
right off the bat you can notice one of
his abilities where he shields himself
on two sides and you can't do damage to
him from those sides it's just a fairly
standard mechanic we've seen so far in
mr. Pandaria the lines on the ground
from the previous phase still persist
and they still hurt quite a lot also as
you can probably tell we're down one
player by this point as you can see
there are different lines on the floor
during this phase as well so nothing new
there and the boss is only other ability
during this phase is that he stuns a
random player and then does frost damage
to everyone around him after a few
seconds this is probably the easiest of
the three phases assuming that it was
functioning properly and as it's meant
to on the PTR we're speeding this one up
as well because it took a very long time
you
here after exactly 10 minutes the boss
enraged but we were still quite far from
killing it this is the only attempt
where we actually caught this far into
the fight so we didn't really have any
kind of practice whatsoever what happens
here is that after you kill the final
Quillen you have to face I anh quan
alone and he has a few abilities of his
own that we didn't really get to
experience this feels like a final burn
phase because he has a stacking self
buff and the enrage timer is probably
going to be bearing down quite heavily
on you and that's it for this boss I
hope you found the video helpful
remember to subscribe to our YouTube
channel if you want to be notified of
our new videos